pos_hide_cost_price_and_margin/README.rst, before:

========================
PoS Hide Cost and Margin
========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:9eb4f117b7596b2076213a1a04f614cb65967b56fabab9e83d53fcec56f33f99
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpos-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/pos/tree/17.0/pos_hide_cost_price_and_margin
    :alt: OCA/pos
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/pos-17-0/pos-17-0-pos_hide_cost_price_and_margin
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/pos&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the functionality of point of sale to hide cost and
margin on product detail.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Changelog
=========

15.0.1.0.0
----------

-  Add to V15.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/pos/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/pos/issues/new?body=module:%20pos_hide_cost_price_and_margin%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* CampToCamp

Contributors
------------

-  `Trobz <https://trobz.com>`__:

   -  Hai Lang <hailn@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The development of this module for 15.0 was financially supported by
Camptocamp

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/pos <https://github.com/OCA/pos/tree/17.0/pos_hide_cost_price_and_margin>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] pos_hide_cost_price_and_margin: Migration to 17.0

pos_hide_cost_price_and_margin/README.rst, after:

========================
PoS Hide Cost and Margin
========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:9eb4f117b7596b2076213a1a04f614cb65967b56fabab9e83d53fcec56f33f99
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpos-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/pos/tree/17.0/pos_hide_cost_price_and_margin
    :alt: OCA/pos
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/pos-17-0/pos-17-0-pos_hide_cost_price_and_margin
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/pos&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the functionality of point of sale to hide cost and
margin on product detail. Besides odoo native's options, it supports to
hide cost and margins among administrators when most of users are
granted 'Manager' in POS

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====



Changelog
=========

15.0.1.0.0
----------

-  Add to V15.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/pos/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/pos/issues/new?body=module:%20pos_hide_cost_price_and_margin%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* CampToCamp

Contributors
------------

-  `Trobz <https://trobz.com>`__:

   -  Hai Lang <hailn@trobz.com>
   -  Tri Doan <tridm@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 15.0 to 17.0 was financially supported
by Camptocamp

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/pos <https://github.com/OCA/pos/tree/17.0/pos_hide_cost_price_and_margin>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
